Document hiding taxonomy menu item (#2459)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/content_management/taxonomy/taxonomy.md

[[= include_file('code_samples/taxonomy/config/packages/ibexa_taxonomy.yaml', 9, 17) =]]
```

### Hide menu item

By default, for each taxonomy, a menu item is added to the main menu.

> You can hide this menu item via the `register_main_menu` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can hide this menu item by setting a value of the `register_main_menu` configuration key:
```
